Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I thank my mother for being there for me...
I was a good kid.
...I thank my wife for loving me...
A strong kid.
...I thank my kids for inspiring me.
I always had a deep desire to win.
And now. by the grace of God...
Everything for me was competition.
...I can thank you. hockey.
and the mountain...
Hockey was my sport.
...for giving me my hope.
And that sport became my drug.
I got hit a lot in hockey.
I got hit hard.
I got driven into the boards.
I dislocated a shoulder.
I tore up a knee.
I couldn't walk for a summer.
I fell on my face. I ate through a straw.
I got hit. I fell. I got back up.
That's how I won.
Until I got hit by something...
...I couldn't beat.
I became addicted to another drug.
It created a false sense of victory.
I was in darkness.
I lost my way.
24-hours a day. I bet the only thing
cranked up in your house...
Maybe the only way to stop was to die.
We're gonna give you
some more of that coming up.
Let me give you guys
the weather today on this...
...can we call it lovely February 6. 2004?
Looks like a big storm. a big storm
coming in later this afternoon.
This is the craziest winter
I've seen in years.
Seriously...
Romans seven says. "For I have
the desire to do what is good.
...but I cannot carry it out.
for I do not do the good I want to do...
...but the evil I don't want to do.
This I keep on doing."
Do you know how many millions of kids...
...dream of being a pro athlete...
...of having that chance?
And you're throwing it away by snorting meth?
Eric!
I'm done.
I'm not going to help you anymore
until you want to help yourself.
Well. I hired you a lawyer.
He said you absolutely have to
show up in court in seven days.
You're going to have to commit
to a 12-step recovery program.
Oh. my God.
My God.
Idiot.
Come on. Oh. God.
That's your equity. idiot.
Wait! Wait!
Wait!
God!
- Hey.
But. seriously. there's four reasons
you should not be eating that...
...the first one being
that's where Jackson pees.
Yeah. It also lowers your body temperature
and makes you prone to hypothermia.
But the thing that most people
don't know is it actually dehydrates you.
So. all in all. not a good idea.
- Good to know.
- I'm Sarah. by the way.
- Eric.
- Headed up the mountain?
- Yeah.
- Hop in. I'll give you a ride.
This close enough for you?
Jackson. leave him alone.
We gotta go. Be safe out there. okay?
Thanks. Don't tell your beautiful
mother our secret. okay. buddy?
Enjoy the mountain air.
Always do.
Patrol 2 to base. We gotta do something soon.
Hey. Corey wants to see you.
He said it's important.
- I know. I've already told him.
- No. he knows. He's not leaving early.
I think this is actually important.
You've reached Susan LeMarque.
Please leave a message.
Hey. Mom.
I'm out boarding.
I just had to get away for a few days.
Look. I never wanted
to bring you into this. so...
...it's hard.
I'll talk to you later. okay?
So. the nucleus is going to hit here.
it's a large impact zone...
...it's definitely worse than we thought.
It's predicting two or three feet tonight.
Patrol 2. this is RM.
What's your location? Over.
This is Patrol 2.
I'm at the top of the trail.
How's your visibility up there?
Well. the viz is really bad.
When you get up the top. there are
pockets below of total whiteout.
We might wanna consider
shutting down the mountain early.
Idiot!
Seriously?
God!
Okay. baby.
It's you and me.
Yeah. okay.
Come on.
Oh. shit.
Yeah.
Damn it!
How many ladders does LeMarque
owe me for being ten minutes late?
But this isn't my fault!
Get up.
I can't.
- I'm sorry. what?
- I can't. I can't get up.
Five more.
Hey. Eric.
Son.
You're a part of this team.
Understand that?
Now. will it always be fair? No.
Will it always be easy? No.
Now. you walk off that ice right now...
...you're letting your team down.
you're letting me down.
And I can't let you do that.
'Cause you're a LeMarque.
And LeMarques don't quit.
Come on.
Stop!
Easy.
All he cares about is pleasing you.
He just wants to be good enough for you!
I get it. I get it. You want me
to let him off the hook...
...just let him do whatever he wants.
You know. maybe our son would be so
much happier if he had the time to play...
...and see friends and watch
a little TV. God forbid...
...instead of worrying about
Pro hockey and the draft...
...whatever new skill you've tasked him with
that he'll never be perfect enough for you.
You're stressing the boy out.
He's gonna have a breakdown or something.
I got it. I got it. I wanna tell
you something. okay? That boy...
...that boy. he is never gonna be a failure.
I am not gonna let him be a failure.
It is never gonna happen. okay?
He's not gonna wake up at 25 years old.
he's not gonna put on a little tie...
...and he's gonna iron his shirt.
David. iron his shirt...
...and he's gonna kiss his wife...
...who he never should have married!
Never should have married!
Never gonna happen!
He's not gonna go to that 9-to-5.
not if I have anything to do with it.
Okay. find where we started.
Find where we started. you idiot.
Okay.
All right.
You made me sleep... right about here.
Tried to throw me off a cliff...
...right over here.
Had your...
...fanged friends paid me a visit right here.
So that means...
...the resort...
...should be right here.
LeMarque! What are you doing?
Move the puck! Don't be so selfish.
Now move the puck!
Move your feet. get going.
Move it. Give it to 'em!
Move the puck! Use 'em!
Move it! Give it to 'em!
Give it to 'em! Damn it.
Move the puck! Move it! Move it!
You all right?
You kidding me?
What the hell was that?
LeMarque!
LeMarque. what the hell are you doing?
You gotta be a team player. Move the puck.
- I scored a goal. didn't I?
- It's not I. it's we.
It's the crest on the front.
not the name on the back!
You're gonna have to figure that out!
Get off my ice!
Hey. Mom.
I'm out boarding.
I just had to get away for a few days.
Look. I never wanted
to bring you into this. so...
...it's hard.
I'll talk to you later. okay?
I'm getting off this mountain.
You can't hold me! You can't stop me!
Yeah!
Yes. yes. yes. yes!
Yes! Yeah!
Oh. my God! Oh. my God. it's cold!
Oh. my...
Oh. my God.
You idiot.
God!
...pounding. I mean pounding against glass.
Goal!
Red light spinning.
- You want one of these?
- No. I'm good.
Oh. yeah. I miss it so much.
I miss it so much. I know you miss it. too.
You gotta miss it.
I don't miss shit about Boston.
It's your shot.
A new rule in my house.
And that rule is.
I don't play pool with liars.
Come on. it's your shot. just take the shot.
I get it. okay. I understand.
It's gotta be really hard for you...
...to come and see me and see my
awesome life with this great house...
...and this amazing view.
but the only reason why I'm here...
...is because you decided not to be.
I'm sorry. dude. I...
...I get it. man.
I'm right there alongside you. man.
I get it. I miss it too.
All the guys that ever played miss it.
That's... that's why I do this stuff.
It gives me that rush back. that adrenaline.
that feeling I can't get back.
I... I know you miss that. man.
I know you do.
Here. give me that.
Oh. no.
One...
...two...
The tram... where's the tram?
The tram has gotta be there.
What?
What do you want from me?
Damn it! What do you want from me?
I'm gonna go this way.
I'm going this way.
"The sun shall not smite thee by day
nor the moon by night.
The Lord shall preserve thee from all evil.
He shall preserve thy soul.
The Lord shall preserve thy going out...
...and thy coming in from this time forth...
...and even forevermore."
This is Eric. Leave a message.
Hi. Eric. it's Mom again.
I just wanna make sure that you're...
Listen...
...about what I said before...
...I just want you to know that I'm here...
...and that you don't have
to go through this alone.
So call me.
Please.
Okay? Bye.
You're the best thing in the whole world.
Mama loves you so much.
Two...
Getting by... it's a breakaway!
LeMarque! He shoots. he scores!
Goddamn it!
Eric!
Eric. what's going on? Eric?
What's happening down here?
- Are you all right? What's happening?
- Fine. Mom.
What's going on?
Come on. Eric. You're living
down here for six months...
...no job. no money. no nothing and this is
what you're doing. destroying everything?
You think I wanna be here?
You think I wanna be living like this?
You think I wanna be reminded
of this shit every day?
No. I don't! No!
And I wanna help you. I'm your mother.
I wanna help you. but you have to let me in.
A signal.
Maybe if I can get a signal.
They can track me.
Find me.
Come on. Come on.
- Oh. crap.
- Yeah. hello?
- Oh. hello.
- Hello?
Hi. Tony. This is Susan LeMarque.
- I'm Eric's mother.
- Hey.
Yes. hi. I know that we haven't
spoken much. because. well. anyway...
...I know he's talked about you.
about snowboarding.
And... he's up in Winter Haven.
or he was the last time I spoke to him...
...but he's missed
a very important court date.
And I'm very worried about him.
and I haven't spoken to him in six days.
- What's this have to do with me?
- I was wondering if he'd reached out to you.
- Yeah. I called him when he was up there.
- You did? When was that?
- It was Thursday.
- I see. Do you have an address for him?
- Yeah. let me look.
- Fantastic.
- He's at the Winter Haven cabin.
- Great.
- Very easy to find.
- This is wonderful. Tony.
More than you can know. Thank you so much.
Yeah. yeah.
Oh. please. please. don't let me
find him lying on the floor.
Please.
Eric? Eric?
What?
Eric!
His clothes are still here.
Damn it.
Eric!
- Sarah. risk management.
- Susan.
Nice to meet you.
So. exactly how long has it been
since you last saw your son?
Seven days. I went to the cabin
where he was staying...
...and there was no phone. wallet or keys.
but everything else was there.
And when you last heard from him.
you're sure he was here?
Oh. yes. yes. he left me a message.
I just didn't hear my phone.
Okay. the first thing we do in this situation
is we file a missing persons report...
...with the sheriff's office.
Then if they don't have any leads.
I'll call Search and Rescue.
The process will probably
take about a day or two.
No. no. Sarah. you don't understand.
My son had a court date
yesterday that he missed. Okay?
And that message he left me.
that was not normal...
...him telling me where he was
and what he was doing.
He never does that. never.
You wanna know why he did it?
Because he was letting me know that
he was gonna make it to the court date...
...he was getting it together.
So when I walk into that courtroom
and he is not there...
...and then I walk into that cabin
and I see his clothes...
...and old congealed food
sitting there and no him?
I can't wait a day or two.
and if he is out there in that snow...
...on that mountain. neither can he.
- Okay. you have a photo?
- Yes. yes. I do.
- Search and Rescue.
- Search and Rescue?
Yeah. this is RM down at Winter Haven.
I need to report a missing person.
- What's the name?
- Full name?
Eric LeMarque.
- Eric... Eric LeMarque.
- How long has he been missing?
- Seven days ago.
- You have a photo?
Yeah. I'm getting the photo now.
I'm gonna need Search and Rescue
on the helipad in 15 minutes.
- Fifteen. copy.
- Thank you.
- You know my son?
- Walk with me.
- You've met my son?
- I've met your son. okay?
I gave him a ride up the mountain
7 days ago. but that's all I know.
Right now I'm just trying
to take precautions.
Corey. get the whole team searching
for anything with radio comms.
I'm talking about cell phones. FM/AM radios.
anything that's gonna receive a signal.
You got it.
Hopefully. he'll get
to the top of the mountain.
You think he's up there?
I know he's up there.
- Ready to go?
- Yeah. let's go.
Patrol 1. Search and Rescue in progress.
White male. 6' 3" tall.
Curt. anything come up yet?
FM. AM. cell. Nothing. T-cast is clear.
We've got 15 minutes till we lose visibility.
Wait!
Wait! Wait!
Sarah. we have to call it.
I'm sorry. sweetheart. I'm so sorry.
Mama loves you.
With all her heart.
No.
I can't let her find me like this.
Hey.
Thought you might want these.
It gets pretty cold up here.
- That's very kind.
- You must definitely want that back.
Yes. definitely. thank you.
You know. as soon as the sun
comes up. we'll be back up there.
What about tonight?
What's Eric gonna do out there tonight?
If I take my team out there tonight.
this becomes a rescue mission...
...for more than one person.
I can't risk that. I'm sorry.
Are you close with your mother. Sarah?
Sometimes.
Bet you call her like once...
...every other week or so. if that much.
I can guarantee you
that those seven minutes...
...are the highlight of her month.
Because then she gets to feel like
she's a part of your life again.
'Cause she still remembers
when you were little and...
...she would hold you
and sing you to sleep...
...and it was the happiest time of her life.
I just want you to imagine. God forbid.
...something should happen to you in your
line of work and you were no longer here.
Your mother's life would essentially be over.
Her heart would be an empty hole.
I just need you to understand.
You have to find my son.
Please.
You have to find him.
Gotta make it to the top.
Hey. this has been the coldest
winter we've had in ten years.
Three. four days tops.
That's the longest someone could survive
out there in these conditions.
I'll call the report in.
Thanks.
Comm Center from Life Flight.
Go from Comm Center.
You can cancel Search and Rescue.
This is gonna be a body recovery.
About 12 more steps.
All right. results are in.
Your kids made the snowmen you sent us
to our radio station's website...
Hey. guys. can you excuse me for a minute?
We have some late-breaking information.
Turns out a face drawn
on the windshield of a car...
...does not count as a snowman.
That is just a car...
Help.
Come on.
Are you kidding me. man?
- The organization dumped me.
- You don't gotta lie to me about it.
I was there at that practice
when you walked away.
You were the future of the franchise.
You were twice as good as I ever was.
Do you understand how frustrating that is?
To watch somebody that has
everything. everything...
...and then you just walk away. You quit!
LeMarque! LeMarque!
What the hell are you doing?
It's not I. it's we. It's the crest on
the front. not the name on the back.
You're gonna have to figure that out.
Now. today. get off my ice.
Beat it! I've had enough of you.
You're done for the day.
Get off my ice.
You're right.
I am done.
Don't even think about it.
That's a one-way ticket. pal.
- Dad! Dad?
- No. Eric. Don't go after him.
Dad!
Where are you going. Dad?
Dad! You can't go!
You can't leave!
Open the door right now. You can't go!
Come here. baby.
Where are you going?
You can't leave your own son. you coward!
No!
What are you doing? Wait!
Don't do it!
Dad!
This isn't my fault! They took my skates!
Stop pointing this at everybody else.
Because you do that in life. it is gonna
hurt a whole lot worse than this...
...do you understand me?
- Do you understand me?
- Yes. sir.
The whole world's wondering. LeMarque...
...why'd ya quit?
Spencer and his snowman. is that huge!
That is... that is a lot of snow...
Hi. Mom.
It's me.
I don't really know what it is I wanna say.
But I don't think I have too much time. so...
...I just want you to know
that I'm okay without those things.
And that I... I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for everything.
Turns out I'm a bit of a coward myself.
It's funny.
We only get to live life forward.
But it never makes any sense
until we're looking back.
I need you to know that we've
canceled the search and rescue.
Why?
We've now ruled this a body recovery.
I love you. Mom.
Hey. Sarah. we just had a signal pop up.
Wait. wait. hold on a minute. We just had
a signal popped up and then it disappeared.
- Where?
- Mount Widow's Peak.
- But it wasn't one of ours.
- You sure?
- Yeah. positive.
- Search and Rescue. this is RM.
We just picked up a signal
on Mount Widow's Peak.
Coordinates are North 4-0-3-2-3-0.60...
...west 111-4-1-3.07.
Hold on. Eric.
Hey. got him!
Up on that ridge. two o'clock.
Please. let him be alive.
Search and Rescue to base.
Two minutes out before landing.
You're going to be okay. Eric.
You're going to be okay.
Eric!
You're alive!
I love you. sweetheart!
Sometimes you get hit. You fall.
You can't get back up.
And you fall further.
Before the mountain.
I couldn't see how far I'd fallen.
Maybe that's what I had to go through...
...to finally live.
Sometimes a part of yourself has to die...
...maybe even the part you love most...
...before you can realize
what makes you whole...
...and clearly see that it's larger than us.
If you're in the dark. get through it
by seeing the invisible...
...so that you can do the impossible.
Be responsible and accountable for yourself.
Just fail forward.
It will all make sense when you see
the light at the break of dawn.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm